The word is wrong,
The program is just a companion.
Make a mistake, Mr. Program is my friend,
How could I get it wrong,
Lord Long, you are really a program.
Mr. Program,
Mr. Program is my life,
It’s my rescue day. Just settle down
Maybe it’s
Easy professional things
It's all about hearing
For God's sake
Our eyes
willing to have sex
Being a bit sad
He really is your savior
This is still false
In this case
If I, Ye Xia, are willing, it’s fine.
It's all about hearing
Our family
I'm also willing to take out a piece of clothing to match it.
My Sun family is also willing
Horse is willing
To match this level of scene
A family like ours is also willing
What is the true meaning of the promise?
Please agree quickly
More than one billion is relatively large and belongs to you.
As long as you promise to be satisfied first, that's fine. I don't want your money.
It’s all at your own expense, right?